Ireland Technotronic Oak Island Annika
were here in the team hotel busy day
team has been enhanced you're in the
team for England and you're gonna be
winning your 85th cap great day for you
yeah hugely I suppose I am one of the
guys in the room like Boston that get a
huge kick when you're named in the team
and I suppose the things that you got
from the first cap when your name don't
change and massive honour and especially
in a big week England and in Twickenham
and Patty's Day so I suppose and with a
great memories have gone there before
maybe when the Grand Slam match in all
are enshrined in the corner new remember
stuff like that and you you try to get
back and taste that type of their
special days again and you've a new
second roll partner in Tonica Ryan how
is that your but you're packing down
with somebody other than Paul O'Connell
for once in a long time yeah I suppose
people to me it's not all that newest
trend with Annika every day you know
he'd be in my central core along with my
co Driscoll so and yes was it's great so
I think to be fair to tonic he hasn't
tried to imitate any wonder he's brought
what he brings and he's been brilliant
at us and I suppose his man-of-the-match
performance just sure how well he's been
going over last few months and it's
great for F for me anyway definitely
have competition in places and makes a
performer and the loss of leaders in
terms of brian and paul there was a lot
made of that at the start of the
championship but I mean fellows have
really stood up haven't they yeah we're
lucky with the guys we have a nerd
restroom we're lucky to have the lights
aurora best and then when you go down
the you've guys like Jamie and Sean
O'Brien who just who talked since the
whole time and taking it away at of him
and goes exit even Ferris when you get
international at international level I
suppose the biggest thing is that
everyone looks after the wrong job and I
think that's the case and no one want to
be any extra wage for Rory to deal with
and if everyone performs to the best
durability and makes his job an awful
lot easier and justice Rory worried
about himself that's an ideal situation
but I don't want to take away from go
Maduro our gold medal poorly and Draco
there and massive guys that
flatterer team so the huge losses but to
be fair guys are stepping up and taking
a bit of slack the island team were
getting a little bit of grief I suppose
you might say from from the media to
started the championship a better attack
but we scored 13 tries more than any
other team in the championship so was it
a case of you guys just believing in
yourselves and backing yourselves to do
what you know you was within you yeah
this was a be honest wasn't just the
media as well it was the players were
disappointed with how we were attacking
and I think to be fair now it's improved
an awful lot I suppose the biggest thing
is though it's not proof enough to get
us a championship and that's what you
think about you know it's a you know I
wonder will we you know regret the first
20 minutes against Wales and you know
the second half and in France it would
they be disappointed come the endless
championship so it is to make sure that
we go out and Saturday and and play the
right type of rugby as well sometimes
you don't have to play all the ball if
it's on the cake and take the pressure
off and you know there's there's all the
ways to get win games but we're
certainly happy with how we're attacking
and I think everyone's taking a bit more
ownership of it which is over to the
important and on a lighter note your
your famed for having a few pregame
quirks and things that you like to do in
terms of clean in your boots and not
everything is there anything particular
you do before playing England no there's
nothing different I suppose there's
always a few more calls in a few more
text messages from people the orthosis
was if there's a game there's not a lot
of people wanted to win Singlish game
and and that's the case you've probably
a phone to being awful up is your butt
its massive game and you know this team
knows the price that the country holds
it in and when we perform we know the
lift that the the country gets in the
bank holiday weekend it'll be great to
send their people off in a bit of a
high-interest have people little bit
happier maybe one of the local for a few
points after watching their shame doom
well done' thanks very much and good
luck on Saturday remember fair play
you